Format: describe useCurrencyAccountingStyle (#3738)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/format/useCurrencyAccountingStyle.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies whether to apply the accounting style to formatted numbers of the `currency` [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/format/#type).

---

> The accounting style adds parentheses to negative numbers instead of the minus sign. To disable the accounting style in the component and display formatted numbers of the `currency` [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/format/#type) with the minus sign, set this property to **false**. This property overrides the [global config](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/#defaultUseCurrencyAccountingStyle).

Reviewer: 1. Do I get this right that if I leave this property unspecified, the resulting style will be determined by the global accounting style flag? If this is correct, I believe we should explain it in a more explicit manner.
2. The global **config**. "Config" does not sound as an ordinary noun, this is a shorthand of some sort from the sound of it. Is it a global configuration file? Or just a set of settings? Is "global config" a proper noun? If you call it "global config" everywhere across your documentation and customers understand it, then I have no objections. I just had to clarify this.

Author: I tried to explain it better and also added an image in both files to illustrate the link between these properties.

Also I removed the word "config".

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies whether to apply the accounting style to formatted numbers of the `currency` [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/format/#type).

---
The accounting style adds parentheses to negative numbers instead of the minus sign. To disable the accounting style in the component and display formatted numbers of the `currency` [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/format/#type) with the minus sign, set this property to **false**.

    format({
        type: "currency",
        useCurrencyAccountingStyle: false 
    });

> If you do not specify this property, the [defaultUseCurrencyAccountingStyle](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/#defaultUseCurrencyAccountingStyle) global configuration setting is applied. This property overrides the global configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify this property, the [defaultUseCurrencyAccountingStyle](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/globalConfig/#defaultUseCurrencyAccountingStyle) global configuration setting is in effect. The `useCurrencyAccountingStyle` property has priority over the global setting.
```
